# ArtStinTecho

# Description

Homeless artists and their artwork displayed for the world to see.

Used technologies:
    - Visual Studio Code
    - Cloudinary
    - MongoDB and MongoAtlas
    - Mongoose
    - BCrypt
    - Nodemon.

Features for the future:
    - Google Maps API (to pin point usual location of artist).
    - Art Categorization and linked search bar.
    - Ability to have favourites for LoggedIn users.

# How to use the project

As an usual visitor or loggedin user you are only be able to access and see the Artists profiles and their artwork.

As an authenticated admin you are be able to CRUD artists and artwork.

# Credits

Matt GitHub: https://github.com/MatteKrebs
Viviane GitHub: https://github.com/Vialoha

# Licenses

Open Software License ("OSL") v. 3.0

This Open Software License (the "License") applies to any original work of
authorship (the "Original Work") whose owner (the "Licensor") has placed the
following licensing notice adjacent to the copyright notice for the Original
Work:

  Licensed under the Open Software License version 3.0

1) Grant of Copyright License. Licensor grants You a worldwide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive, sublicensable license, for the duration of the copyright, to do
the following:

  a) to reproduce the Original Work in copies, either alone or as part of a
  collective work;

  b) to translate, adapt, alter, transform, modify, or arrange the Original
  Work, thereby creating derivative works ("Derivative Works") based upon the
  Original Work;

  c) to distribute or communicate copies of the Original Work and Derivative
  Works to the public, with the proviso that copies of Original Work or
  Derivative Works that You distribute or communicate shall be licensed under
  this Open Software License;

  d) to perform the Original Work publicly; and

  e) to display the Original Work publicly.

2) Grant of Patent License. Licensor grants You a worldwide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive, sublicensable license, under patent claims owned or controlled
by the Licensor that are embodied in the Original Work as furnished by the
Licensor, for the duration of the patents, to make, use, sell, offer for sale,
have made, and import the Original Work and Derivative Works.

3) Grant of Source Code License. The term "Source Code" means the preferred
form of the Original Work for making modifications to it and all available
documentation describing how to modify the Original Work. Licensor agrees to
provide a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the Original Work along
with each copy of the Original Work that Licensor distributes. Licensor
reserves the right to satisfy this obligation by placing a machine-readable
copy of the Source Code in an information repository reasonably calculated to
permit inexpensive and convenient access by You for as long as Licensor
continues to distribute the Original Work.

4) Exclusions From License Grant. Neither the names of Licensor, nor the names
of any contributors to the Original Work, nor any of their trademarks or
service marks, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
Original Work without express prior permission of the Licensor. Except as
expressly stated herein, nothing in this License grants any license to
Licensor's trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets or any other
intellectual property. No patent license is granted to make, use, sell, offer
for sale, have made, or import embodiments of any patent claims other than the
licensed claims defined in Section 2. No license is granted to the trademarks
of Licensor even if such marks are included in the Original Work. Nothing in
this License shall be interpreted to prohibit Licensor from licensing under
terms different from this License any Original Work that Licensor otherwise
would have a right to license.

5) External Deployment. The term "External Deployment" means the use,
distribution, or communication of the Original Work or Derivative Works in any
way such that the Original Work or Derivative Works may be used by anyone
other than You, whether those works are distributed or communicated to those
persons or made available as an application intended for use over a network.
As an express condition for the grants of license hereunder, You must treat
any External Deployment by You of the Original Work or a Derivative Work as a
distribution under section 1(c).

6) Attribution Rights. You must retain, in the Source Code of any Derivative
Works that You create, all copyright, patent, or trademark notices from the
Source Code of the Original Work, as well as any notices of licensing and any
descriptive text identified therein as an "Attribution Notice." You must cause
the Source Code for any Derivative Works that You create to carry a prominent
Attribution Notice reasonably calculated to inform recipients that You have
modified the Original Work.

7) Warranty of Provenance and Disclaimer of Warranty. Licensor warrants that
the copyright in and to the Original Work and the patent rights granted herein
by Licensor are owned by the Licensor or are sublicensed to You under the
terms of this License with the permission of the contributor(s) of those
copyrights and patent rights. Except as expressly stated in the immediately
preceding sentence, the Original Work is provided under this License on an "AS
IS" BASIS and WITHOUT WARRANTY, either express or implied, including, without
limitation, the warranties of non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for
a particular purpose. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY OF THE ORIGINAL WORK
IS WITH YOU. This DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY constitutes an essential part of this
License. No license to the Original Work is granted by this License except
under this disclaimer.

8) Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances and under no legal theory,
whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall the
Licensor be liable to anyone for any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or
the use of the Original Work including, without limitation, damages for loss
of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
other commercial damages or losses. This limitation of liability shall not
apply to the extent applicable law prohibits such limitation.

9) Acceptance and Termination. If, at any time, You expressly assented to this
License, that assent indicates your clear and irrevocable acceptance of this
License and all of its terms and conditions. If You distribute or communicate
copies of the Original Work or a Derivative Work, You must make a reasonable
effort under the circumstances to obtain the express assent of recipients to
the terms of this License. This License conditions your rights to undertake
the activities listed in Section 1, including your right to create Derivative
Works based upon the Original Work, and doing so without honoring these terms
and conditions is prohibited by copyright law and international treaty.
Nothing in this License is intended to affect copyright exceptions and
limitations (including "fair use" or "fair dealing"). This License shall
terminate immediately and You may no longer exercise any of the rights granted
to You by this License upon your failure to honor the conditions in Section
1(c).

10) Termination for Patent Action. This License shall terminate automatically
and You may no longer exercise any of the rights granted to You by this
License as of the date You commence an action, including a cross-claim or
counterclaim, against Licensor or any licensee alleging that the Original Work
infringes a patent. This termination provision shall not apply for an action
alleging patent infringement by combinations of the Original Work with other
software or hardware.

11) Jurisdiction, Venue and Governing Law. Any action or suit relating to this
License may be brought only in the courts of a jurisdiction wherein the
Licensor resides or in which Licensor conducts its primary business, and under
the laws of that jurisdiction excluding its conflict-of-law provisions. The
application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any use of the Original
Work outside the scope of this License or after its termination shall be
subject to the requirements and penalties of copyright or patent law in the
appropriate jurisdiction. This section shall survive the termination of this
License.

12) Attorneys' Fees. In any action to enforce the terms of this License or
seeking damages relating thereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover its costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with such action, including
any appeal of such action. This section shall survive the termination of this
License.

13) Miscellaneous. If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary
to make it enforceable.

14) Definition of "You" in This License. "You" throughout this License,
whether in upper or lower case, means an individual or a legal entity
exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License.
For legal entities, "You" includes any entity that controls, is controlled by,
or is under common control with you. For purposes of this definition,
"control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or
management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership
of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial
ownership of such entity.

15) Right to Use. You may use the Original Work in all ways not otherwise
restricted or conditioned by this License or by law, and Licensor promises not
to interfere with or be responsible for such uses by You.

16) Modification of This License. This License is Copyright Â© 2005 Lawrence
Rosen. Permission is granted to copy, distribute, or communicate this License
without modification. Nothing in this License permits You to modify this
License as applied to the Original Work or to Derivative Works. However, You
may modify the text of this License and copy, distribute or communicate your
modified version (the "Modified License") and apply it to other original works
of authorship subject to the following conditions: (i) You may not indicate in
any way that your Modified License is the "Open Software License" or "OSL" and
you may not use those names in the name of your Modified License; (ii) You
must replace the notice specified in the first paragraph above with the notice
"Licensed under <insert your license name here>" or with a notice of your own
that is not confusingly similar to the notice in this License; and (iii) You
may not claim that your original works are open source software unless your
Modified License has been approved by Open Source Initiative (OSI) and You
comply with its license review and certification process.

////////////////////
////////////////////

EUROPEAN UNION PUBLIC LICENCE v. 1.2
                      EUPL Â© the European Union 2007, 2016

This European Union Public Licence (the âEUPLâ) applies to the Work (as
defined below) which is provided under the terms of this Licence. Any use of
the Work, other than as authorised under this Licence is prohibited (to the
extent such use is covered by a right of the copyright holder of the Work).

The Work is provided under the terms of this Licence when the Licensor (as
defined below) has placed the following notice immediately following the
copyright notice for the Work:

        Licensed under the EUPL

or has expressed by any other means his willingness to license under the EUPL.

1. Definitions

In this Licence, the following terms have the following meaning:

- âThe Licenceâ: this Licence.

- âThe Original Workâ: the work or software distributed or communicated by the
  Licensor under this Licence, available as Source Code and also as Executable
  Code as the case may be.

- âDerivative Worksâ: the works or software that could be created by the
  Licensee, based upon the Original Work or modifications thereof. This
  Licence does not define the extent of modification or dependence on the
  Original Work required in order to classify a work as a Derivative Work;
  this extent is determined by copyright law applicable in the country
  mentioned in Article 15.

- âThe Workâ: the Original Work or its Derivative Works.

- âThe Source Codeâ: the human-readable form of the Work which is the most
  convenient for people to study and modify.

- âThe Executable Codeâ: any code which has generally been compiled and which
  is meant to be interpreted by a computer as a program.

- âThe Licensorâ: the natural or legal person that distributes or communicates
  the Work under the Licence.

- âContributor(s)â: any natural or legal person who modifies the Work under
  the Licence, or otherwise contributes to the creation of a Derivative Work.

- âThe Licenseeâ or âYouâ: any natural or legal person who makes any usage of
  the Work under the terms of the Licence.

- âDistributionâ or âCommunicationâ: any act of selling, giving, lending,
  renting, distributing, communicating, transmitting, or otherwise making
  available, online or offline, copies of the Work or providing access to its
  essential functionalities at the disposal of any other natural or legal
  person.

2. Scope of the rights granted by the Licence

The Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive,
sublicensable licence to do the following, for the duration of copyright
vested in the Original Work:

- use the Work in any circumstance and for all usage,
- reproduce the Work,
- modify the Work, and make Derivative Works based upon the Work,
- communicate to the public, including the right to make available or display
  the Work or copies thereof to the public and perform publicly, as the case
  may be, the Work,
- distribute the Work or copies thereof,
- lend and rent the Work or copies thereof,
- sublicense rights in the Work or copies thereof.

Those rights can be exercised on any media, supports and formats, whether now
known or later invented, as far as the applicable law permits so.

In the countries where moral rights apply, the Licensor waives his right to
exercise his moral right to the extent allowed by law in order to make
effective the licence of the economic rights here above listed.

The Licensor grants to the Licensee royalty-free, non-exclusive usage rights
to any patents held by the Licensor, to the extent necessary to make use of
the rights granted on the Work under this Licence.

3. Communication of the Source Code

The Licensor may provide the Work either in its Source Code form, or as
Executable Code. If the Work is provided as Executable Code, the Licensor
provides in addition a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the Work
along with each copy of the Work that the Licensor distributes or indicates,
in a notice following the copyright notice attached to the Work, a repository
where the Source Code is easily and freely accessible for as long as the
Licensor continues to distribute or communicate the Work.

4. Limitations on copyright

Nothing in this Licence is intended to deprive the Licensee of the benefits
from any exception or limitation to the exclusive rights of the rights owners
in the Work, of the exhaustion of those rights or of other applicable
limitations thereto.

5. Obligations of the Licensee

The grant of the rights mentioned above is subject to some restrictions and
obligations imposed on the Licensee. Those obligations are the following:

Attribution right: The Licensee shall keep intact all copyright, patent or
trademarks notices and all notices that refer to the Licence and to the
disclaimer of warranties. The Licensee must include a copy of such notices and
a copy of the Licence with every copy of the Work he/she distributes or
communicates. The Licensee must cause any Derivative Work to carry prominent
notices stating that the Work has been modified and the date of modification.

Copyleft clause: If the Licensee distributes or communicates copies of the
Original Works or Derivative Works, this Distribution or Communication will be
done under the terms of this Licence or of a later version of this Licence
unless the Original Work is expressly distributed only under this version of
the Licence â for example by communicating âEUPL v. 1.2 onlyâ. The Licensee
(becoming Licensor) cannot offer or impose any additional terms or conditions
on the Work or Derivative Work that alter or restrict the terms of the
Licence.

Compatibility clause: If the Licensee Distributes or Communicates Derivative
Works or copies thereof based upon both the Work and another work licensed
under a Compatible Licence, this Distribution or Communication can be done
under the terms of this Compatible Licence. For the sake of this clause,
âCompatible Licenceâ refers to the licences listed in the appendix attached to
this Licence. Should the Licensee's obligations under the Compatible Licence
conflict with his/her obligations under this Licence, the obligations of the
Compatible Licence shall prevail.

Provision of Source Code: When distributing or communicating copies of the
Work, the Licensee will provide a machine-readable copy of the Source Code or
indicate a repository where this Source will be easily and freely available
for as long as the Licensee continues to distribute or communicate the Work.

Legal Protection: This Licence does not grant permission to use the trade
names, trademarks, service marks, or names of the Licensor, except as required
for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the copyright notice.

6. Chain of Authorship

The original Licensor warrants that the copyright in the Original Work granted
hereunder is owned by him/her or licensed to him/her and that he/she has the
power and authority to grant the Licence.

Each Contributor warrants that the copyright in the modifications he/she
brings to the Work are owned by him/her or licensed to him/her and that he/she
has the power and authority to grant the Licence.

Each time You accept the Licence, the original Licensor and subsequent
Contributors grant You a licence to their contributions to the Work, under the
terms of this Licence.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty

The Work is a work in progress, which is continuously improved by numerous
Contributors. It is not a finished work and may therefore contain defects or
âbugsâ inherent to this type of development.

For the above reason, the Work is provided under the Licence on an âas isâ
basis and without warranties of any kind concerning the Work, including
without limitation merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, absence
of defects or errors, accuracy, non-infringement of intellectual property
rights other than copyright as stated in Article 6 of this Licence.

This disclaimer of warranty is an essential part of the Licence and a
condition for the grant of any rights to the Work.

8. Disclaimer of Liability

Except in the cases of wilful misconduct or damages directly caused to natural
persons, the Licensor will in no event be liable for any direct or indirect,
material or moral, damages of any kind, arising out of the Licence or of the
use of the Work, including without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill,
work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, loss of data or any commercial
damage, even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such
damage. However, the Licensor will be liable under statutory product liability
laws as far such laws apply to the Work.

9. Additional agreements

While distributing the Work, You may choose to conclude an additional
agreement, defining obligations or services consistent with this Licence.
However, if accepting obligations, You may act only on your own behalf and on
your sole responsibility, not on behalf of the original Licensor or any other
Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each
Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against
such Contributor by the fact You have accepted any warranty or additional
liability.

10. Acceptance of the Licence

The provisions of this Licence can be accepted by clicking on an icon âI
agreeâ placed under the bottom of a window displaying the text of this Licence
or by affirming consent in any other similar way, in accordance with the rules
of applicable law. Clicking on that icon indicates your clear and irrevocable
acceptance of this Licence and all of its terms and conditions.

Similarly, you irrevocably accept this Licence and all of its terms and
conditions by exercising any rights granted to You by Article 2 of this
Licence, such as the use of the Work, the creation by You of a Derivative Work
or the Distribution or Communication by You of the Work or copies thereof.

11. Information to the public

In case of any Distribution or Communication of the Work by means of
electronic communication by You (for example, by offering to download the Work
from a remote location) the distribution channel or media (for example, a
website) must at least provide to the public the information requested by the
applicable law regarding the Licensor, the Licence and the way it may be
accessible, concluded, stored and reproduced by the Licensee.

12. Termination of the Licence

The Licence and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon
any breach by the Licensee of the terms of the Licence.

Such a termination will not terminate the licences of any person who has
received the Work from the Licensee under the Licence, provided such persons
remain in full compliance with the Licence.

13. Miscellaneous

Without prejudice of Article 9 above, the Licence represents the complete
agreement between the Parties as to the Work.

If any provision of the Licence is invalid or unenforceable under applicable
law, this will not affect the validity or enforceability of the Licence as a
whole. Such provision will be construed or reformed so as necessary to make it
valid and enforceable.

The European Commission may publish other linguistic versions or new versions
of this Licence or updated versions of the Appendix, so far this is required
and reasonable, without reducing the scope of the rights granted by the
Licence. New versions of the Licence will be published with a unique version
number.

All linguistic versions of this Licence, approved by the European Commission,
have identical value. Parties can take advantage of the linguistic version of
their choice.

14. Jurisdiction

Without prejudice to specific agreement between parties,

- any litigation resulting from the interpretation of this License, arising
  between the European Union institutions, bodies, offices or agencies, as a
  Licensor, and any Licensee, will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Court
  of Justice of the European Union, as laid down in article 272 of the Treaty
  on the Functioning of the European Union,

- any litigation arising between other parties and resulting from the
  interpretation of this License, will be subject to the exclusive
  jurisdiction of the competent court where the Licensor resides or conducts
  its primary business.

15. Applicable Law

Without prejudice to specific agreement between parties,

- this Licence shall be governed by the law of the European Union Member State
  where the Licensor has his seat, resides or has his registered office,

- this licence shall be governed by Belgian law if the Licensor has no seat,
  residence or registered office inside a European Union Member State.

Appendix

âCompatible Licencesâ according to Article 5 EUPL are:

- GNU General Public License (GPL) v. 2, v. 3
- GNU Affero General Public License (AGPL) v. 3
- Open Software License (OSL) v. 2.1, v. 3.0
- Eclipse Public License (EPL) v. 1.0
- CeCILL v. 2.0, v. 2.1
- Mozilla Public Licence (MPL) v. 2
- GNU Lesser General Public Licence (LGPL) v. 2.1, v. 3
- Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike v. 3.0 Unported (CC BY-SA 3.0) for
  works other than software
- European Union Public Licence (EUPL) v. 1.1, v. 1.2
- QuÃ©bec Free and Open-Source Licence â Reciprocity (LiLiQ-R) or Strong
  Reciprocity (LiLiQ-R+).

The European Commission may update this Appendix to later versions of the
above licences without producing a new version of the EUPL, as long as they
provide the rights granted in Article 2 of this Licence and protect the
covered Source Code from exclusive appropriation.

All other changes or additions to this Appendix require the production of a
new EUPL version.


